UPBOUND SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
 
THESE LICENSE TERMS ARE AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND UPBOUND, INC. (“UPBOUND”).
 
PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING SOFTWARE FROM
UPBOUND. BY USING UPBOUND SOFTWARE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO AND ACCEPTANCE OF
THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE
TERMS. AN INDIVIDUAL ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY REPRESENTS THAT HE OR SHE HAS
THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT
ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE
THE UPBOUND SOFTWARE.
 
IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.

1. SCOPE OF LICENSE. This license applies to the Upbound software and any
related updates, components, and organization (the “Product”) that include or
refer to this license regardless of the delivery mechanism. Source code for
Upbound open source components are available at https://github.com/upbound and
https://github.com/crossplane under the Apache License 2.0 license agreement.
The software Product is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some
rights to use the software. Upbound reserves all other rights. Unless applicable
law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only
as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any
technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain
ways. You may not:
   * reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise
   attempt to derive the source code for the software except and solely to the
   extent required by third-party licensing terms governing use of certain open
   source components that may be included in the software;
   * remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Upbound or its suppliers
   in the software;
   * use the software in any way that is against the law;
   * share, publish, rent or lease the software, or provide the software as a
   stand-alone offering for others to use.

2. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
   1. General. You may use any number of copies of the software to develop, test
   and deploy your applications.
   
   2. Demo use. The uses permitted above include use of the software in
   demonstrating your applications.
   
   3. Third-Party Components. The software may include third-party components
   with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be
   described in the Third Party Notices file accompanying the software.
   
   4. Extensions. The software Product may give you the option to download other
   Upbound and third-party software packages from our repository service or
   other package managers. Those packages are under their own licenses, and not
   this agreement. Upbound does not distribute, license or provide any
   warranties for any of the third-party packages. By accessing or using our
   repository service, you agree to the terms of service located at
   upbound.io/terms.

3. UPDATES. The software Product may periodically check for updates from our
repository service or other package managers and download and install them for
you. You may obtain updates only from Upbound or authorized sources. If you do
not want automatic updates, you may turn them off by following the instructions
in the documentation.

4. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software Product is “as is,” we may not
provide support services for it.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Products and each of their components are
owned by Upbound and other licensors and are protected under copyright law and
under other laws as applicable. Title to the Products and any component, or to
any copy, modification, or merged portion shall remain with Upbound and other
licensors, subject to the applicable license. The “Upbound” trademark, the
individual Product trademarks, and the “Upbound” logo are trademarks or
registered trademarks of Upbound and its affiliates in the U.S. and other
countries. This license agreement does not permit you to distribute the Products
using Upbound's trademarks, regardless of whether they have been modified. You
may make a commercial redistribution of the Products only if permitted under a
separate written agreement with Upbound authorizing such commercial
redistribution.

6. FEEDBACK. If you give feedback about the software to Upbound, you give to
Upbound, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback
in any way and for any purpose. These rights survive this agreement.

7. DATA COLLECTION. The software Product may collect information about you and
your use of the software and send that to Upbound. Upbound may use this
information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may
opt-out of many of these scenarios as described in the product documentation.
Our privacy statement is located at upbound.io/privacy. You can learn more about
data collection and use in the Product documentation and our privacy statement.
Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
agreement for the software and support services.

9. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You understand that the software provided under this
agreement may contain encryption technology and other software programs that may
require an export license from the U.S. State Department and that export or
re-export of the software to certain entities (such as a foreign government and
its subdivisions) and certain countries is prohibited. You agree that you will
comply with all applicable export and import control laws and regulations of the
United States and the foreign jurisdiction in which the software is used and, in
particular, you will not export or reexport the software without all required
United States and foreign government licenses. You will defend, indemnify, and
hold harmless Upbound and its suppliers and licensors from and against any
violation of such laws or regulations by you or any of your agents, officers,
directors or employees.

10. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States,
Washington State law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this
agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims.
If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.

11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The software is licensed “as-is.” You bear the risk
of using it. Upbound gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. To
the extent permitted under your local laws, Upbound excludes the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement.

12. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. You can recover from Upbound and its
suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $100.00. You cannot recover any other
damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental
damages. This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software,
services, content (including code) on third-party Internet sites, or third-party
applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty,
guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the
extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if Upbound knew or
should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or
exclusion may not apply to you because your state or country may not allow the
exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.